✨ Surface aggregated machine versions in status (#13341)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/developer/providers/contracts/control-plane.md

}
```

> ControlPlane providers MUST report version information in the ControlPlane `status` by implementing
> at least one of the following fields.
> 
> ```go
> type FooControlPlaneStatus struct {
>     // versions is the aggregated Kubernetes versions in this control plane.
>     // +optional
>     // +listType=map
>     // +listMapKey=version
>     // +kubebuilder:validation:MaxItems=100
>     Versions []clusterv1.StatusVersion `json:"versions,omitempty"`
> 
>     // version represents the minimum Kubernetes version for the control plane machines
>     // in the cluster.
>     //
>     // Deprecated: This field is deprecated and is going to be removed in a future API version.
>     // Please use status.versions instead.
>     // +optional
>     Version string `json:"version,omitempty"`
>     
>     // See other rules for more details about mandatory/optional fields in ControlPlane status.
>     // Other fields SHOULD be added based on the needs of your provider.
> }
> ```
> 
> `status.versions` is the preferred source of truth for surfacing control plane versions.
> `status.version` is still read as fallback for backward compatibility.
> Providers SHOULD implement `status.versions`, and MAY additionally implement the deprecated `status.version`
> for compatibility during the transition period.
> 
> NOTE: To align with API conventions, we recommend since the v1beta2 contract that the `Version` field should be
> of type `string` (it was `*string` before). Both are compatible with the v1beta2 contract though.
> NOTE: The minimum Kubernetes version, and more specifically the API server version, will be used to determine
> when a control plane is fully upgraded and for enforcing Kubernetes version skew policies when a Cluster derived
> from a ClusterClass is managed by the Topology controller.

Reviewer: What about 

```suggestion
ControlPlane providers MUST report version information in the ControlPlane `status` by implementing
at least one of the following fields.

`status.versions` is the preferred source of truth for surfacing control plane versions.

... type with only versions + others

`status.version` can be used as alternative (or as a fallback mechanism), but the support
for this field will be removed in the next Cluster API contract version

... type with only version + others

NOTE: To align with API conventions, we recommend since the v1beta2 contract that the `Version` field should be
of type `string` (it was `*string` before). Both are compatible with the v1beta2 contract though.
NOTE: The minimum Kubernetes version, and more specifically the API server version, will be used to determine
when a control plane is fully upgraded and for enforcing Kubernetes version skew policies when a Cluster derived
from a ClusterClass is managed by the Topology controller.
```

So we give a cleaner guidance on the target state (without

Entries in this list MUST be ordered from the older to the newer version.
Each entry MUST include a valid semantic version and the number of replicas at that version.

```go
type FooControlPlaneStatus struct {
    // versions is the aggregated Kubernetes versions in this control plane.
    // +optional
    // +listType=map
    // +listMapKey=version
    // +kubebuilder:validation:MaxItems=100
    Versions []clusterv1.StatusVersion `json:"versions,omitempty"`

    // See other rules for more details about mandatory/optional fields in ControlPlane status.
    // Other fields SHOULD be added based on the needs of your provider.
}
```

`status.version` can be used as an alternative or as a fallback mechanism, but support
for this field will be removed in the next Cluster API contract version.

```go
type FooControlPlaneStatus struct {
    // version represents the minimum Kubernetes version for the control plane machines
    // in the cluster.
    //
    // Deprecated: This field is deprecated and is going to be removed in a future API version.
    // Please use status.versions instead.
    // +optional
    // +kubebuilder:validation:MinLength=1

>     // +kubebuilder:validation:MaxLength=256

Reviewer 2: Why are the markers deleted here?
